build-s2i-python-kopf/README.adoc, before:

= Python Kopf Operator Source-to-Image (s2i)

Source-to-Image for python https://kopf.readthedocs.io/en/latest/[kopf] based operators.

== Usage

This Python Kopf operator source-to-image can be used to build python-base operators using OpenShift source-to-image or Dockerfile based builds.
This s2i image may also be used with `odo` to do in-cluster operator development.

=== Kopf Options

Kopf command line options are configured using environment variables.
The file `kopf-opt.sh` may be used to set options at compile time.
These are used to build up the command line for `kopf run`.
The following environment variables are supported:

[options="header",cols="2,1,6"]
|=======================
|Option
|Default
|Description

|`KOPF_NAMESPACED`
|`false`
|Set to "true" to run kopf with `--namespace` option to restrict watch to specific namespace.

|`KOPF_NAMESPACE`
|none
|Namespace for kopf watch.
When run in cluster this defaults to the operator pod namespace.

|`KOPF_STANDALONE`
|`false`
|Set to "true" to run kopf with `--standalone` option.
This prevents kopf from peering and talking to other kopf operators.

|`KOPF_PRIORITY`
|dynamic
|Operator priority in relation to other kopf operators.
The default when running containerized is to base the priority on the pod IP or otherwise `${RANDOM}` if the IP address cannot be determined.

|`KOPF_PEERING`
|none
|Kopf custom peering using `--peering` option.

|`KOPF_OPTIONS`
|none
|Command line options for `kopf run` to support features not covered by other configuration variables.
|=======================

=== Python Requirements

Python requirements can be specified in the `requirements.txt` file.
These will be processed and installed to the container image during source-to-image build using Python3 `pip`.

=== Developing with `odo`

This source-to-image project supports `odo` for in-cluster operator development.

https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/cli_reference/developer_cli_odo/installing-odo.html[Installing odo]

To use this image with `odo` you can create an image stream in the `openshift` namespace.
This will make `python-kopf` appear as a valid project type for `odo create`.

-----------------------------
oc create -f imagestream.yaml
-----------------------------

=== Python Kopf Operator Examples

xref:examples/simple/README.adoc[Simple Example]

xref:examples/openshift-template-deployer/README.adoc[OpenShift Template Deployer]

=== Deploying

The source-to-image run will configure Kopf to present TCP port 8080 for liveness probes.

=== Building this Source-to-Image Base Image

==== OpenShift

An OpenShift build template is provided for building this container image.

Create events console build configuration:

----------------------------------------------------------
oc process --local -f build-template.yaml | oc apply -f -
----------------------------------------------------------

Then either build the python-kopf-s2i image from git source:

------------------------------
oc start-build python-kopf-s2i
------------------------------

Or build the python-kopf-s2i image from local source:

------------------------------------------------
oc start-build python-kopf-s2i --from-dir=../ -F
------------------------------------------------

==== Dockerfile

This image may also be built with the provided `Dockerfile`.

Using `podman`:

--------------------------------------------------------------
sudo podman build --tag python-kopf-s2i:latest -f ./Dockerfile
--------------------------------------------------------------

Using `docker`:

---------------------------------------------
sudo docker build -t python-kopf-s2i:latest .
---------------------------------------------

=== Testing s2i build with the Provided Example

To verify the source-to-image base image is functional you will want to build an operator image to verify functionality.
A simple operator example is provided in the `examples/` directory.

==== OpenShift

If testing the source-to-image build in an OpenShift cluster then you may use the example build template provided.

--------------------------------------------------
oc process --local -f examples/simple/build-template.yaml \
-p FROM_IMAGE=$(oc get is python-kopf-s2i -o jsonpath="{.status.tags[?(@.tag=='latest')].items[0].dockerImageReference}") \
| oc apply -f -
--------------------------------------------------

Then either build the example operator from git source:

-----------------------------
oc start-build kopf-simple -F
-----------------------------

Or build the example from local source:

--------------------------------------------
oc start-build kopf-simple --from-dir=../ -F
--------------------------------------------

Description for how to deploy and test this example can be found in
xref:examples/simple/README.adoc[Simple Example].

==== Dockerfile

This example image may also be built with the provided `Dockerfile`.
The provided configuration builds from the base image `quay.io/redhat-cop/python-kopf-s2i:latest`.
In order to test your build of the s2i image you will need a modified version of the `Dockerfile`:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
sed 's/^FROM .*/FROM python-kopf-s2i:latest/' example/Dockerfile >example/Dockerfile.custom
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Build using `podman`:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
sudo podman build --tag python-kopf-s2i-example:latest -f ./example/Dockerfile.custom
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Using `docker`:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
sudo docker build -t python-kopf-s2i-example:latest -f ./example/Dockerfile.custom example/
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commit message:

Fix kopf peering config and bump version (#373)
* Fix handling of python-kopf-s2i KOPF_PEERING

Bump versions of kopf and other libraries.

* Add peering support

* Switch kopf crd install from create to apply

* Bump python-kopf-s2i version to v0.28.3

build-s2i-python-kopf/README.adoc, after:

= Python Kopf Operator Source-to-Image (s2i)

Source-to-Image for python https://kopf.readthedocs.io/en/latest/[kopf] based operators.

== Usage

This Python Kopf operator source-to-image can be used to build python-base operators using OpenShift source-to-image or Dockerfile based builds.
This s2i image may also be used with `odo` to do in-cluster operator development.

=== Kopf Peering CustomResourceDefinitions

Unless Kopf standalone mode is used, peering between Kopf operators should be enabled.
The Kopf peering custom resource definitions are required for peering and can be installed with:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
oc apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/redhat-cop/containers-quickstarts/master/build-s2i-python-kopf/peering-crds.yaml
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

=== Kopf Options

Kopf command line options are configured using environment variables.
The file `kopf-opt.sh` may be used to set options at compile time.
These are used to build up the command line for `kopf run`.
The following environment variables are supported:

[options="header",cols="2,1,6"]
|=======================
|Option
|Default
|Description

|`KOPF_NAMESPACED`
|`false`
|Set to "true" to run kopf with `--namespace` option to restrict watch to specific namespace.

|`KOPF_NAMESPACE`
|none
|Namespace for kopf watch.
When run in cluster this defaults to the operator pod namespace.

|`KOPF_STANDALONE`
|`false`
|Set to "true" to run kopf with `--standalone` option.
This prevents kopf from peering and talking to other kopf operators.

|`KOPF_PRIORITY`
|dynamic
|Operator priority in relation to other kopf operators.
The default when running containerized is to base the priority on the pod IP or otherwise `${RANDOM}` if the IP address cannot be determined.

|`KOPF_PEERING`
|none
|Kopf custom peering using `--peering` option.

|`KOPF_OPTIONS`
|none
|Command line options for `kopf run` to support features not covered by other configuration variables.
|=======================

=== Python Requirements

Python requirements can be specified in the `requirements.txt` file.
These will be processed and installed to the container image during source-to-image build using Python3 `pip`.

=== Developing with `odo`

This source-to-image project supports `odo` for in-cluster operator development.

https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/cli_reference/developer_cli_odo/installing-odo.html[Installing odo]

To use this image with `odo` you can create an image stream in the `openshift` namespace.
This will make `python-kopf` appear as a valid project type for `odo create`.

-----------------------------
oc create -f imagestream.yaml
-----------------------------

=== Python Kopf Operator Examples

xref:examples/simple/README.adoc[Simple Example]

xref:examples/openshift-template-deployer/README.adoc[OpenShift Template Deployer]

=== Deploying

The source-to-image run will configure Kopf to present TCP port 8080 for liveness probes.

=== Building this Source-to-Image Base Image

==== OpenShift

An OpenShift build template is provided for building this container image.

Create events console build configuration:

----------------------------------------------------------
oc process --local -f build-template.yaml | oc apply -f -
----------------------------------------------------------

Then either build the python-kopf-s2i image from git source:

------------------------------
oc start-build python-kopf-s2i
------------------------------

Or build the python-kopf-s2i image from local source:

------------------------------------------------
oc start-build python-kopf-s2i --from-dir=../ -F
------------------------------------------------

==== Dockerfile

This image may also be built with the provided `Dockerfile`.

Using `podman`:

--------------------------------------------------------------
sudo podman build --tag python-kopf-s2i:latest -f ./Dockerfile
--------------------------------------------------------------

Using `docker`:

---------------------------------------------
sudo docker build -t python-kopf-s2i:latest .
---------------------------------------------

=== Testing s2i build with the Provided Example

To verify the source-to-image base image is functional you will want to build an operator image to verify functionality.
A simple operator example is provided in the `examples/` directory.

==== OpenShift

If testing the source-to-image build in an OpenShift cluster then you may use the example build template provided.

--------------------------------------------------
oc process --local -f examples/simple/build-template.yaml \
-p FROM_IMAGE=$(oc get is python-kopf-s2i -o jsonpath="{.status.tags[?(@.tag=='latest')].items[0].dockerImageReference}") \
| oc apply -f -
--------------------------------------------------

Then either build the example operator from git source:

-----------------------------
oc start-build kopf-simple -F
-----------------------------

Or build the example from local source:

--------------------------------------------
oc start-build kopf-simple --from-dir=../ -F
--------------------------------------------

Description for how to deploy and test this example can be found in
xref:examples/simple/README.adoc[Simple Example].

==== Dockerfile

This example image may also be built with the provided `Dockerfile`.
The provided configuration builds from the base image `quay.io/redhat-cop/python-kopf-s2i:latest`.
In order to test your build of the s2i image you will need a modified version of the `Dockerfile`:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
sed 's/^FROM .*/FROM python-kopf-s2i:latest/' example/Dockerfile >example/Dockerfile.custom
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Build using `podman`:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
sudo podman build --tag python-kopf-s2i-example:latest -f ./example/Dockerfile.custom
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Using `docker`:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
sudo docker build -t python-kopf-s2i-example:latest -f ./example/Dockerfile.custom example/
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
