jenkins-slaves/jenkins-slave-npm/README.md, before:

# jenkins-slave-npm
Provides a docker image of the nodejs v8 runtime with npm for use as a Jenkins slave.

## Build local
`docker build -t jenkins-slave-npm .`

## Run local
For local running and experimentation run `docker run -i -t jenkins-slave-npm /bin/bash` and have a play once inside the container.

## Build in OpenShift
```bash
oc process -f ../.openshift/templates/jenkins-slave-generic-template.yml \
    -p NAME=jenkins-slave-npm \
    -p SOURCE_CONTEXT_DIR=jenkins-slaves/jenkins-slave-npm \
    | oc apply -f -
```
For all params see the list in the `../templates/jenkins-slave-generic-template.yml` or run `oc process --parameters -f ../templates/jenkins-slave-generic-template.yml`.

## Jenkins
Add a new Kubernetes Container template called `jenkins-slave-npm` (if you've build and pushed the container image locally) and specify this as the node when running builds. If you're using the template attached; the `role: jenkins-slave` is attached and Jenkins should automatically discover the slave for you. Further instructions can be found [here](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/3.7/using_images/other_images/jenkins.html#using-the-jenkins-kubernetes-plug-in-to-run-jobs).

Add this new Kubernetes Container template and specify this as the node when running builds. 
```
npm install
npm run build
```

Commit message:

Added note about RHOAR repositories

jenkins-slaves/jenkins-slave-npm/README.md, after:

# jenkins-slave-npm
Provides a docker image of the nodejs v8 runtime with npm for use as a Jenkins slave.

## Build local
`docker build -t jenkins-slave-npm .`

Or for Red Hat Enterprise Linux:

`docker build -t jenkins-slave-npm -f Dockerfile.rhel7 .`

### NOTE: To build the RHEL image you will need to have access to the `rhel-7-server-rhoar-nodejs-10-rpms` repository

## Run local
For local running and experimentation run `docker run -i -t jenkins-slave-npm /bin/bash` and have a play once inside the container.

## Build in OpenShift
```bash
oc process -f ../.openshift/templates/jenkins-slave-generic-template.yml \
    -p NAME=jenkins-slave-npm \
    -p SOURCE_CONTEXT_DIR=jenkins-slaves/jenkins-slave-npm \
    | oc apply -f -
```
For all params see the list in the `../templates/jenkins-slave-generic-template.yml` or run `oc process --parameters -f ../templates/jenkins-slave-generic-template.yml`.

## Jenkins
Add a new Kubernetes Container template called `jenkins-slave-npm` (if you've build and pushed the container image locally) and specify this as the node when running builds. If you're using the template attached; the `role: jenkins-slave` is attached and Jenkins should automatically discover the slave for you. Further instructions can be found [here](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/3.7/using_images/other_images/jenkins.html#using-the-jenkins-kubernetes-plug-in-to-run-jobs).

Add this new Kubernetes Container template and specify this as the node when running builds. 
```
npm install
npm run build
```
