build-s2i-python-kopf/examples/kopf-simple/README.adoc, before:

= Python Kopf Source-to-Image Simple Example

This is a simple Python Kopf operator for testing the functionality of the Kopf source-to-image.
This example is designed to run in an OpenShift cluster watching config maps rather than custom resource definitions.
This is a useful design pattern for developers writing operators without cluster-admin privileges.

The config map is located by label, the default label used by the operator is `kopf-simple.example.com/config`.

This operator creates secrets dynamically based on configuration in the configmap.

This example has been tested with `odo` as well as OpenShift build configs.

== Using this Example with `odo`

Setup `odo`:

---------------------------------
odo create --devfile devfile.yaml
---------------------------------

Create role `kopf-simple`:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
oc apply -f rbac/role.yaml
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Grant `kopf-simple` role to default service account:

----
oc apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: RoleBinding
metadata:
  name: kopf-simple:serviceaccount:default
subjects:
- kind: ServiceAccount
  name: default
roleRef:
  kind: Role
  name: kopf-simple
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
EOF
----

Push code with `odo`:

--------
odo push
--------

Create a test config map:

--------------------------------
oc create -f test/configmap.yaml
--------------------------------

Get config name in `CONFIG_NAME` shell variable:

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CONFIG_NAME=$(oc get configmap -l kopf-simple.example.com/config -o jsonpath='{.items[0].metadata.name}')
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Verify secret creation:

-------------------------------
oc describe secret $CONFIG_NAME
-------------------------------

Check the operator logs:

--------------------------
oc logs dc/kopf-simple-app
--------------------------

Next try editing the config map to add another item to the `secretNames` list:

------------------------------
oc edit configmap $CONFIG_NAME
------------------------------

Confirm that the secret was updated:

-------------------------------
oc describe secret $CONFIG_NAME
-------------------------------

As an exercise, edit the provided example `operator/operator.py` to enable the configuration to specify the desired random string length.
After each code change, use `odo push` to push changes into the deployment.

When done, remove `odo` components with:

----------------------
odo delete kopf-simple
----------------------

== Building

A Kustomize configuration for building this example in OpenShift is provided.

Create image stream and build config:

----------------------------------------------------------
oc process --local -f build-template.yaml | oc apply -f -
----------------------------------------------------------

Build python-kopf-s2i-example from git source:

-----------------------------
oc start-build kopf-simple -F
-----------------------------

Or build python-kopf-s2i-example from local source:

-------------------------------------------------
oc start-build kopf-simple --from-dir=../../.. -F
-------------------------------------------------

Deploy the operator from your local build:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
oc process --local -f deploy-template.yaml \
-p IMAGE=$(oc get is kopf-simple -o jsonpath="{.status.tags[?(@.tag=='latest')].items[0].dockerImageReference}") \
| oc apply -f -
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commit message:

build-s2i-python-kopf fix peering and example improvements (#451)
* Simplify the kopf-simple example for creating the rolebinding for odo

* Disable scanning for kopf-simple example

* Fix reference to kustomize

* Fix kopf peering setup in s2i run

build-s2i-python-kopf/examples/kopf-simple/README.adoc, after:

= Python Kopf Source-to-Image Simple Example

This is a simple Python Kopf operator for testing the functionality of the Kopf source-to-image.
This example is designed to run in an OpenShift cluster watching config maps rather than custom resource definitions.
This is a useful design pattern for developers writing operators without cluster-admin privileges.

The config map is located by label, the default label used by the operator is `kopf-simple.example.com/config`.

This operator creates secrets dynamically based on configuration in the configmap.

This example has been tested with `odo` as well as OpenShift build configs.

== Using this Example with `odo`

Setup `odo`:

---------------------------------
odo create --devfile devfile.yaml
---------------------------------

Create role `kopf-simple`:

--------------------------
oc apply -f rbac/role.yaml
--------------------------

Grant `kopf-simple` role to default service account:

----------------------------------------
oc policy add-role-to-user \
--rolebinding-name=kopf-simple \
--role-namespace=$(oc project --short) \
kopf-simple -z default
----------------------------------------

Push code with `odo`:

--------
odo push
--------

Create a test config map:

--------------------------------
oc create -f test/configmap.yaml
--------------------------------

Get config name in `CONFIG_NAME` shell variable:

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CONFIG_NAME=$(oc get configmap -l kopf-simple.example.com/config -o jsonpath='{.items[0].metadata.name}')
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Verify secret creation:

-------------------------------
oc describe secret $CONFIG_NAME
-------------------------------

Check the operator logs:

--------------------------
oc logs dc/kopf-simple-app
--------------------------

Next try editing the config map to add another item to the `secretNames` list:

------------------------------
oc edit configmap $CONFIG_NAME
------------------------------

Confirm that the secret was updated:

-------------------------------
oc describe secret $CONFIG_NAME
-------------------------------

As an exercise, edit the provided example `operator/operator.py` to enable the configuration to specify the desired random string length.
After each code change, use `odo push` to push changes into the deployment.

When done, remove `odo` components with:

----------------------
odo delete kopf-simple
----------------------

== Building

OpenShift templates for building and deploying this example in OpenShift are provided.

Create image stream and build config:

----------------------------------------------------------
oc process --local -f build-template.yaml | oc apply -f -
----------------------------------------------------------

Build python-kopf-s2i-example from git source:

-----------------------------
oc start-build kopf-simple -F
-----------------------------

Or build python-kopf-s2i-example from local source:

-------------------------------------------------
oc start-build kopf-simple --from-dir=../../.. -F
-------------------------------------------------

Deploy the operator from your local build:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
oc process --local -f deploy-template.yaml \
-p IMAGE=$(oc get is kopf-simple -o jsonpath="{.status.tags[?(@.tag=='latest')].items[0].dockerImageReference}") \
| oc apply -f -
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
