build-s2i-python-kopf/examples/openshift-template-deployer/README.adoc, before:

= Python Kopf openshift-template-deployer Example

This is a simple Python Kopf operator for testing the functionality of the Kopf source-to-image.
This example is designed to run in an OpenShift cluster and to deploy applications based on data in config maps.
This is a useful design pattern for developers writing operators without cluster-admin privileges.

The config map is located by label, the default label used by the operator is `app.example.com/config`.

Creating the config map below will cause the operator to process the standard `httpd-example` template in the `openshift`
namespace, which will trigger a build then deployment of this example into the current namespace.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
oc apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  labels:
    app.example.com/config: ''
  name: httpd-example
data:
  config: |
    template:
      name: httpd-example
      namespace: openshift
      parameters: {}
EOF
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This example template should create a number of resources on success:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$ oc get buildconfig,deploymentconfig,service,route httpd-example
NAME                                           TYPE     FROM   LATEST
buildconfig.build.openshift.io/httpd-example   Source   Git    1

NAME                                               REVISION   DESIRED   CURRENT   TRIGGERED BY
deploymentconfig.apps.openshift.io/httpd-example   1          1         1         config,image(httpd-example:latest)

NAME                    TYPE        CLUSTER-IP      EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)    AGE
service/httpd-example   ClusterIP   172.30.112.35   <none>        8080/TCP   6m3s

NAME                                     HOST/PORT                                                                     PATH   SERVICES        PORT    TERMINATION   WILDCARD
route.route.openshift.io/httpd-example   httpd-example-python-kopf-s2i.apps.cluster-4004.4004.sandbox782.opentlc.com          httpd-example   <all>                 None
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

== Using this Example with `odo`

Ensure that the `python-kopf` image stream is available in the `openshift` namespace.

----------------------------------
oc apply -f ../../imagestream.yaml
----------------------------------

Create service and role binding for `openshift-template-deployer`:

--------------------------
oc apply -k kustomize/rbac
--------------------------

Setup `odo`:

--------------------------------------------------
odo create python-kopf openshift-template-deployer
--------------------------------------------------

Push code with `odo`:

--------
odo push
--------

Patch the DeploymentConfig created by `odo` to use the `o` service account:

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
oc patch dc/openshift-template-deployer-app \
--patch '{"spec":{"template":{"spec":{"serviceAccountName":"openshift-template-deployer"}}}}'
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Create a test config map:

------------------------------------
oc create -f test/httpd-example.yaml
------------------------------------

Check the operator logs:

------------------------------------------
oc logs dc/openshift-template-deployer-app
------------------------------------------

Next play around with the code in `operator/operator.py` and use `odo push` to push changes and then retest.

== Building

An OpenShift template is provided with configuration to build this image:

Create image stream and build config:

---------------------------
oc apply -k kustomize/build
---------------------------

Build python-kopf-s2i-example from local source:

-----------------------------------------------------------------
oc start-build openshift-template-deployer --from-dir=../../.. -F
-----------------------------------------------------------------

Deploy the operator from your local build:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
sed -i "s|image: .*|image: '$(oc get is openshift-template-deployer -o jsonpath="{.status.tags[?(@.tag=='latest')].items[0].dockerImageReference}")'|" kustomize/deploy/deployment.yaml
oc apply -k kustomize/deploy
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commit message:

Remove kustomize requirement from example documentation

build-s2i-python-kopf/examples/openshift-template-deployer/README.adoc, after:

= Python Kopf openshift-template-deployer Example

This is an example Python Kopf operator for testing the functionality of the Kopf source-to-image.
This example is designed to run in an OpenShift cluster and to deploy applications based on data in config maps.
This is a useful design pattern for developers writing operators without cluster-admin privileges.

The config map is located by label, the default label used by the operator is `app.example.com/config`.

Creating the config map below will cause the operator to process the standard `httpd-example` template in the `openshift`
namespace, which will trigger a build then deployment of this example into the current namespace.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
oc apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  labels:
    app.example.com/config: ''
  name: httpd-example
data:
  config: |
    template:
      name: httpd-example
      namespace: openshift
      parameters: {}
EOF
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This example template should create a number of resources on success:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$ oc get buildconfig,deploymentconfig,service,route httpd-example
NAME                                           TYPE     FROM   LATEST
buildconfig.build.openshift.io/httpd-example   Source   Git    1

NAME                                               REVISION   DESIRED   CURRENT   TRIGGERED BY
deploymentconfig.apps.openshift.io/httpd-example   1          1         1         config,image(httpd-example:latest)

NAME                    TYPE        CLUSTER-IP      EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)    AGE
service/httpd-example   ClusterIP   172.30.112.35   <none>        8080/TCP   6m3s

NAME                                     HOST/PORT                                                                     PATH   SERVICES        PORT    TERMINATION   WILDCARD
route.route.openshift.io/httpd-example   httpd-example-python-kopf-s2i.apps.cluster-4004.4004.sandbox782.opentlc.com          httpd-example   <all>                 None
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

== Using this Example with `odo`

Ensure that the `python-kopf` image stream is available in the `openshift` namespace.

----------------------------------
oc apply -f ../../imagestream.yaml
----------------------------------

Create service and role binding for `openshift-template-deployer`:

---------------------------------------------------------------
oc apply -f rbac/role_binding.yaml -f rbac/service_account.yaml
---------------------------------------------------------------

Setup `odo`:

--------------------------------------------------
odo create python-kopf openshift-template-deployer
--------------------------------------------------

Push code with `odo`:

--------
odo push
--------

Patch the DeploymentConfig created by `odo` to use the `o` service account:

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
oc patch dc/openshift-template-deployer-app \
--patch '{"spec":{"template":{"spec":{"serviceAccountName":"openshift-template-deployer"}}}}'
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Create a test config map:

------------------------------------
oc create -f test/httpd-example.yaml
------------------------------------

Check the operator logs:

------------------------------------------
oc logs dc/openshift-template-deployer-app
------------------------------------------

Next play around with the code in `operator/operator.py` and use `odo push` to push changes and then retest.

== Building

An OpenShift template is provided with configuration to build this image:

Create image stream and build config:

---------------------------------------------------------
oc process --local -f build-template.yaml | oc apply -f -
---------------------------------------------------------

Build python-kopf-s2i-example from local source:

-----------------------------------------------------------------
oc start-build openshift-template-deployer --from-dir=../../.. -F
-----------------------------------------------------------------

Deploy the operator from your local build:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
oc process --local -f deploy-template.yaml \
-p IMAGE=$(oc get is openshift-template-deployer -o jsonpath="{.status.tags[?(@.tag=='latest')].items[0].dockerImageReference}") \
| oc apply -f -
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
